docs(perf) update perf test framework API (#4158)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: src/gateway/plan-and-deploy/performance-testing-framework.md

the load generator and not publically available. the framework picks the first
Kong instance that exposes admin port. `kong_name` be be set to choose the Kong
instance with matching `name` specified by `driver_confs` when starting Kong. 
### perf.wait_result

*syntax: result = perf.wait_result(options?)*

Waits for the load test to finish and returns the result as a string. Throws error if any.

Currently, this function waits indefinitely, or until both `wrk` and Stap++ processes exit.

### perf.combine_results

*syntax: combined_result = perf.combine_results(results, suite?)*

Calculates multiple results returned by `perf.wait_result` and returns their average and min/max.
Throws error if any. `suite` is a string to identify the test suite to be shown in the charts and will
be used as the X-axis labels; if the suite is not specified, the framework will use the test name.

If results in a same file is corelated, user can set `suite` to a number and add following options
to draw a line chart with trend line

```lua
local charts = require "spec.helpers.perf.charts"
charts.options({
  suite_sequential = true,
  xaxis_title = "Upstreams count",
})
```

> Otherwise, the chart will treat results in same test file as independent tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are no correlations, the chart treats results in same test file as independent tests 
```

Reviewer: @fffonion Is this an accurate revision?

> and draw a bar chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and draws a bar chart.
```

{{site.base_gateway}} instance that exposes the admin port. `kong_name` must be set to choose the {{site.base_gateway}}
instance with matching `name` specified by `driver_confs` when starting {{site.base_gateway}}. 
### perf.wait_result

*syntax: result = perf.wait_result(options?)*

Waits for the load test to finish and returns the result as a string. Throws error if any.

Currently, this function waits indefinitely, or until both `wrk` and Stap++ processes exit.

### perf.combine_results

*syntax: `combined_result` = perf.combine_results(results, suite?)*

Calculates multiple results returned by `perf.wait_result` and returns their average and min/max.
Throws an error, if any. The `suite` string identifies the test suite to display in the charts and
is used as the X-axis labels. If the suite is not specified, the framework will use the test name.

If results in the same file are correlated, the user can set `suite` to a number and add the following options
to draw a line chart with a trend line:

```lua
local charts = require "spec.helpers.perf.charts"
charts.options({
  suite_sequential = true,
  xaxis_title = "Upstreams count",
})
```

> Otherwise, the chart will treat results in same test file as independent tests

Author: ```suggestion
If this option is not set, the chart treats results in same test file as independent tests
```

Enable charts generation, throws error if any.

Charts are enabled by default; the data of charts are fed by `perf.combine_results`.

> The generated JSON results for creating charts are stored under `output` drectory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated JSON results for creating charts are stored under the `output` directory.
```

will also patch a services address to the upstream unless `dont_patch_service` is set to false,
it must be called after `perf.start_upstream`. Throws error if any.

## Charts

Charts are not rendered by default, there's a reference implementation to draw graphs on all JSON

> data stored in `output` directory. Use the following commands to draw graph:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data stored in the `output` directory. Use the following commands to draw graphs:
```
